Fewer students from state schools are applying to university.
The government has been blaming high EU immigration for not achieving their net migration target.
The UK has invested £9 billion in the European Investment Bank while its own infrastructure crumbles.
Germany is demanding a £40 billion payout from the UK as part of the Brexit negotiations.
The vaccines are being considered for approval based on Yellow Card data alone.
The UK did not take action to improve lorry safety until the EU told them to.
97% of schools are forcing kids back in early June.
Men are less likely to develop breast cancer due to antiperspirant application.
Some people think violence against MPs is justified to push their Brexit agenda.
The Covid-19 vaccines will be given out for £12.58.
The youth unemployment rate in the country is lower than in other countries.
Up to 1/3 of millennials may face challenges in achieving homeownership.
Only a fraction of rapists are ever held accountable.
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's home renovations were funded with £2.4 million of public money.
Only 350,000 affected miners received compensation by 2005 out of the total £2 billion settlement agreed by the government in 1999.
Some people are downplaying the severity of Covid-19 by comparing deaths in the past 40 days to one day of cancer deaths.
Multiple women are being murdered by their supposed loved ones every week.
The number of kids waiting for a loving home is decreasing.
Only 160 out of 646 MPs want to leave the EU.
The percentage of female judges has not changed in a year.
Ketchup tested positive for COVID-19 on a lateral flow test.
Christian Eriksen received the Covid-19 vaccine just days before collapsing on the pitch.
Kary B Mullis, the inventor of PCR tests, has stated that the tests cannot detect free infectious viruses.
The government's 'deal' with the EU can be easily overturned.
The Pfizer vaccine trial was underpowered to detect rare side effects or efficacy.
Almost half of the students at Oxford come from privileged backgrounds.
The OECD thinks the UK has good jobs and earnings.
The new 'free' nursery scheme for kids in England is funded by parents themselves.
Homelessness has skyrocketed by 170% under Conservative leadership.
The Bank of England governor's claim that Brexit will lead to a 'golden age of trade' is disputed.
According to the text, 70% of women in the UK feel silenced after experiencing workplace harassment.
Less than 29,000 homes were built for social rent under Labour in Scotland.
It is more costly to send a child to prison than to Eton.
A quarter of researchers and clinicians at Great Ormond Street hospital are EU nationals.
The Covid-19 vaccines are stored and shipped at -80 degrees Celsius.
Gladys Berejiklian resigned after taking over $65 million in bribes from pharmaceutical companies.
ISIS has hacked into a major university computer network.
The test and trace system in England has cost £22 billion.
The government is planning to scrap maintenance grants for students, which may make it difficult for many deserving students to attend university.
The author is suggesting that essential workers should be prioritized for vaccination over GPs.
The Covid-19 virus can be listed as a cause of death even if the person did not die directly from it.
Lord Kinnock, Lord Mandelson, and Lord Patten risk losing their pensions for speaking out against the EU.
The state pension is being increased by £1,450.
500,000 children had to rely on 3-day emergency food supplies last year.
The EU imposes a 30% tariff on cocoa from Africa, which makes it harder for African farmers to make a living.
The Covid-19 vaccine uses cells from aborted fetuses.
Pensioners in the UK receive an average of £8,000 per year.
Over half of the population believes that the Chequers deal disregards the outcome of the referendum.
Elderly patients in hospital are being charged £8 per day to watch TV.
Vaccinations are advocated to prevent the spread of Covid-19.
There were a low number of flu/pneumonia deaths in 2020.
The poverty rate in the UK is over 23%, which is higher than in Spain, Greece, Italy, and Portugal.
The UK is missing out on a £2.6 billion boost to its economy due to Brexit.
The current system of government formation allows the party with the most MPs to form the government, which can lead to frustration for those who feel their vote does not count as much as others.
UK universities receive an extra 15% funding from the EU on top of regular government funding.
The UK Conservative government has claimed to be providing a record £14 billion to schools, but this is being criticized as a desperate attempt to distract from years of underfunding and neglect.
53 people have lost their lives in Gibraltar within 10 days of receiving Pfizer's Covid-19 vaccine.
The study on Covid vaccines during pregnancy was found to be a lie, with 82% of women experiencing miscarriages, contrary to the authors' claims.
Over 8.7 million lives have been taken since 1967 due to abortion.
Tommy Robinson is being punished for reporting on a grooming trial.
4.7 million unpaid carers in the UK fear losing their jobs due to caring responsibilities.
The Brexit deal does not cover services in the single market and customs union, which is perceived as unfair by some small business owners.
Nearly half of COVID survivors are battling depression.
Criminals are being let off the hook halfway through their sentence.
The UK is expected to become an EU state in 2022 due to the Lisbon Treaty.
The new withdrawal agreement includes a transition period until 2021, with the possibility of extending it for years.
Cutting Ireland's corporation tax rate boosted their GDP.
Many families affected by the Grenfell Tower fire are still without a permanent home.
There was a £1.8 billion cut in funding for early help services in England from 2010 to 2015.
The EU's accounts have not been signed off for years.
The government has twisted the definition of child poverty.
Workers on zero hours contracts or insecure jobs are not included in financial support for self-isolation.
Many doctors and nurses in the NHS are from EU countries.
Half of the cases in some Crown Courts involve sexual assault.
1,400 lives have been lost and a million people have been hurt due to Covid-19 vaccinations in the UK.
The Liberal Democrats are claiming credit for the #Brexit referendum idea, which is disputed by a lifelong UKIP supporter who asserts that the idea originated elsewhere.
The Brexit vote received 17.4 million votes, which is the largest mandate in British history.
The EU gives the right to kick out people who cannot support themselves.
There was a vial of the Oxford vaccine available as early as March 2020, but it was not acted upon until now.
The EU is admitting they can't survive without the UK's money.
There are no proper disposal bins for personal protective equipment (PPE) like masks and gloves.
Unemployment in the West Midlands Combined Authority has risen by a quarter in just one year.
A city centre brawl was caught on camera in Luton in April 2021, shortly after pubs re-opened.
The UK is considered the fifth richest country in the world.
Scotland would not have to adopt the euro if it rejoins the EU.
Many people are shopping online instead of supporting local businesses, which can lead to a loss of in-person interaction and browsing experience.
Children on free school meals in certain areas, including where the writer lives, are more likely to struggle in GCSEs compared to their peers in other areas.
Some students are given an advantage in education based on their performance in a test.
Wearing a face covering is legally required, and those with medical conditions may need to provide proof of their condition to avoid wearing one.
There is a perceived lack of support and opportunities for apprentices, leading to a high drop-out rate.
The government can send troops into battle without consulting elected representatives.
Sir Keir Starmer did not support the UK staying in the European Medicines Agency post-Brexit.
The EU's core value is free trade.
Texting a crisis counselor from Samaritans may not provide the same level of human interaction and support as in-person communication during a crisis.
No one in the UK has been vaccinated against Covid-19 yet.
£32 billion of taxpayers' money was wasted on the UK Test and Trace system.
There were 31,025 violent incidents in the past year, an increase of 16% from the previous year.
Children from low-income families have to go to grammar schools to progress twice as fast as their wealthier peers, highlighting inequalities in the education system.
Over 1,500 individuals have died in police custody since 1990, with a disproportionate number being black and minority ethnic.
The "P" on passports originally stood for "pauper" or "peasant."
Grammar schools receive less funding per pupil than other state schools, with some receiving as little as £4,500 while others may receive up to £8,000.
Real wages are not increasing as promised, and the cost of living is going up.
Fewer offenders are being locked up for knife crime.
There has been a rise in "platform work" where workers are juggling multiple jobs to make ends meet.
The Covid-19 vaccine was only tested on people who are considered 'perfectly healthy,' and not on those with pre-existing conditions.
The Treasury forecast a recession if the UK leaves the EU.
The EU airport has implemented tougher security checks for Britain due to Brexit, causing delays and frustration for travelers.
The World Health Organisation has declared that there is no need for asymptomatic testing as of June 25th.
Sharia law is being enforced in 80 courts across the UK.
The Covid-19 vaccine contains MRC-5 cells from aborted male foetuses.
The government is considering reversing cuts to Capital Gains Tax, which would save £2.7 billion by putting more money in the pockets of the wealthy.
University applications have dropped by 4%.
Boris Johnson has proposed a Brexit plan.
The government has given permission for GPs to share personal health data, including sexual and mental health information, with third parties for financial gain, which is a violation of privacy and trust.
England has been ranked as the second worst country for child happiness.
Boris Johnson plans to reduce pensioners' weekly allowance by £70.
You need to bring a driving license or passport to pick up a package at the post office.
Covid-19 is no longer considered a high consequence infectious disease.
Research on Covid-19 vaccines for children in England has been halted due to unproven links with Sudden Infant Death Syndrome.
There is a perceived lack of job opportunities in education for the speaker.
UK carbon dioxide emissions have fallen 42% since 1990.
The UK government is giving away £39 billion as part of the Brexit deal.
The working week in Germany is only 28 hours.
The Supreme Court ruled that the benefit cap is "fair".
The UK has created more jobs than the entire EU combined.
General practitioner (GP) appointments have decreased by 200,000 on Fridays, resulting in worsening availability.
Black Caribbean students are 3 times more likely to be permanently excluded from school than other students.
Between 95,000 and 135,000 school kids did not return to school this term.
The Liverpool school claims they do not need parental consent to test children for Covid-19 as part of a city-wide scheme.
£460m is being invested in the police while schools and healthcare systems are underfunded.
Your household income is £900 lower than forecasted before Brexit.
Former smokers who have switched to vaping may be 17% more likely to spread Covid-19.
There are only about 50 big companies trading across the Irish border.
The attainment of disadvantaged pupils, including black, Asian, and minority ethnic kids, has increased.
The UK and EU have signed a three-page trade agreement under GATT 24.
The UK paid £674 million for EU health costs but only received £49 million in return.
Many rapists who have served time in prison continue to commit sexual offenses once released.
The German government is not recommending the use of Covid-19 vaccines and is freezing their licensing.
Stop and searches have the same "success rates" for whites and blacks, indicating systemic racism.
Oxford and Cambridge universities are becoming less diverse.
Suicide rates have gone up during lockdown.
Test and Trace reduced R by only 0.3-0.6 in October.
In May, there were 748.6 deaths per 100,000 people.
The mayor of Calgary suggested that Covid-19 is a hoax.
Wetherspoons is offering a "meal for two with drinks" voucher to celebrate the lifting of COVID-19 restrictions.
The starting salary for police officers has decreased from £24k in 2010 to £23k in 2018.
The number of murders in London under Boris Johnson's watch has not exceeded 100 per year.
80% of children are not being tested for COVID-19.
The police car destroyed in Bristol was described as a "prop vehicle" by some people, despite its MOT having expired.
1% of the population holds 50% of the country's wealth.
The UK gave £11 billion to the EU in 2018 while only receiving £6 billion in funding.
The Imperial College London experts have proposed a permanent lockdown in the UK.
The EU's economic power has decreased compared to the rest of the world.
The Covid-19 vaccine might affect fertility.
The police are requiring a written proof of medical exemption to avoid fines for not wearing masks.
There has been no rise in suicide rates during the lockdown period, according to recent data.
German cars are the most popular imported cars in the UK.
The Covid-19 vaccine may make the disease more dangerous due to the antibodies it develops.