The number of students from state schools applying to university is decreasing.
The EU immigration is preventing the government from achieving its net migration goal.
The UK has £9 billion invested in the European Investment Bank.
Germany is demanding a £40 billion Brexit payout from the UK.
The author is concerned about the approval process for vaccines and believes that thorough testing and transparency are necessary.
The UK did not implement safer lorry designs until the EU forced their hand.
97% of schools are bringing children back in early June.
Men are less likely to get breast cancer because antiperspirant deodorant is applied to hair instead of skin.
Some voters believe violence against MPs is acceptable in pursuit of their Brexit goals.
The people giving out Covid jabs are only being paid £12.58.
Youth unemployment rates in the country are lower compared to other nations.
Up to 1/3 of the millennial generation may never experience the stability and security of owning a home.
Only a minuscule fraction of rape cases make it to trial.
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle are using taxpayers' funds for their home renovations.
The Labour government compensated miners with bronchitis and emphysema for £2 billion in 1999, and by 2005, only 350,000 people affected by this neglect received any sort of compensation.
Fewer people have died from Covid-19 in 40 days than die from cancer in one day.
Multiple women are murdered every week by their ex or current partners.
The number of kids available for adoption has decreased.
160 MPs are in favor of leaving the European Union, while 486 are in favor of remaining.
The percentage of female judges has remained stagnant.
The new rape laws require men to prove that a woman consented to sex.
Ketchup tested positive for COVID-19 using a lateral flow test.
Christian Eriksen collapsed on the pitch despite having received the Covid-19 vaccine.
Kary B Mullis, the man behind PCR tests, claimed that they can't detect contagious viruses.
The government's new EU deal can be overturned post-referendum.
The Pfizer vaccine trial was not designed to detect rare side effects or efficacy.
Almost half of students at elite universities like Oxford have attended private schools.
The OECD thinks jobs and earnings in the UK are decent.
The government is expecting parents to foot the bill for their 'free' nursery scheme.
Homelessness has skyrocketed by 170% during the past decade of Conservative rule.
The Bank of England governor believes that post-Brexit trade deals will create a "golden age of trade."
33% of women in the UK have experienced workplace harassment.
Less than 29,000 social rent homes were built under Labour in Scotland.
Sending a child to prison costs more than sending them to Eton.
Great Ormond Street hospital relies heavily on EU researchers and clinicians, with 25% of each being from the EU.
The Covid-19 vaccine needs to be stored at -80 degrees Celsius.
Gladys Berejiklian has resigned after taking $65 million in bribes from big pharma companies.
A major university network has been hacked by ISIS.
The UK receives more money from EU research funding than it contributes.
The test and trace system in England cost £22 billion.
The government is scrapping maintenance grants for students from low-income households.
GPs are being prioritized for a Covid-19 vaccine before immunocompromised individuals.
Covid-19 is being automatically added to the death certificates of people who passed away within 28 days of a positive test, regardless of any underlying health conditions.
Lord Kinnock, Lord Mandelson, and Lord Patten could lose their pensions for expressing their opinion on the EU.
The state pension has been raised by £1,450.
Over 500,000 children in the country had to rely on emergency food supplies for three days last year.
The EU has imposed a 30% tariff on cocoa from Africa.
The Oxford/AstraZeneca vaccine uses cells from aborted fetuses in its production.
Pensioners in the UK have to survive on an average of £8,000 per year and still pay for a TV license.
Over half of the country thinks the Chequers deal goes against the Brexit vote.
Patients in hospital, including 82-year-old grandmothers, are being charged £8 per day to watch TV.
There were few deaths from flu or pneumonia in 2020.
The poverty rate in the UK is 23.2%.
The UK economy has lost £2.6 billion due to the country's exit from the EU-Japan trade deal.
The party with the most MPs gets to form the government.
The UK Conservative government is allocating £14 billion to schools.
53 people have lost their lives in Gibraltar after being vaccinated with Pfizer for Covid-19.
According to the study, 82% of respondents who received Covid vaccines during pregnancy experienced miscarriage.
Over 8.7 million lives have been terminated due to abortion since 1967.
Tommy Robinson is being prosecuted for reporting on a grooming trial.
4.7 million people in the UK are living in fear of losing their jobs due to caring for their loved ones.
The UK's exit from the single market and customs union for services may have negative impacts on small businesses.
Nearly half of COVID survivors are experiencing depression.
Criminals are being let off the hook halfway through their sentence.
The Lisbon Treaty will make the UK an EU state by 2022.
The new withdrawal agreement allows for a transition period until 2021, with the possibility of extension.
Ireland's decision to lower their corporation tax rate resulted in a boost to their GDP.
Most of the victims of the Grenfell Tower fire are still not in permanent homes, three years after the incident.
There is a suggestion on the UK government website that the third wave of deaths may come from the vaccine.
Early help services in England have lost £1.8 billion in funding between 2010 and 2015.
The EU's financial accounts have not been approved for years.
The government has altered the definition of child poverty, which has led to untrustworthy statistics since 2010.
People on insecure contracts are not eligible for financial support when forced to self-isolate during a pandemic.
The NHS relies on tens of thousands of doctors and nurses from the EU.
Half of the cases in some Crown Courts involve sexual offences.
1,400 lives have been lost and a million people have been injured from Covid-19 vaccinations in the UK.
The Liberal Democrats were the first ones to push for a Brexit referendum.
The Brexit vote was a narrow win, with 17.4 million votes to leave the EU.
The speaker is opposed to using membership in the EU to kick out people who are struggling financially.
The Oxford vaccine was available in March 2020, but action was not taken sooner to address the pandemic.
The EU is reliant on the UK's contribution to keep their budget afloat.
There are no designated biohazard bins for personal protective equipment (PPE) like masks and gloves.
The UK provides 5.6 weeks of paid holiday, while the EU provides four weeks.
Unemployment in the West Midlands Combined Authority has increased by 25% in the past year.
A city centre brawl occurred in Luton in April 2021, as pubs reopened.
The UK is ranked as the fifth richest country in the world.
Only 28% of students from the North East region were accepted into Oxford University, compared to 24% of Londoners.
An independent Scotland may not be forced to join the euro.
Many people are choosing to shop online instead of supporting local businesses.
Former free school meal recipients in Kent's selective schools fare worse in GCSEs than those in non-selective London.
Wearing an exemption badge is now illegal for people with invisible disabilities.
There is no evidence of a decline in apprenticeship opportunities.
The speaker believes that investing in teachers and providing them with support is important for quality education.
The government can send troops into harm's way without consulting the people's representatives.
Sir Keir Starmer did not push for the UK to remain in the European Medicines Agency after Brexit, which may affect access to life-saving treatments for people who rely on medication.
The foundation of the European Union is based on free trade, where profit comes before people and the environment.
People are using texting as a form of crisis counseling, and it is being normalized.
As of July 1st, 2020, no one in the UK has been vaccinated against Covid-19.
The UK Test and Trace system has cost £32 billion.
There has been a 16% increase in violent incidents in the healthcare industry, with a quarter of them directed at staff.
Disadvantaged children in grammar schools progress twice as fast as their more privileged peers.
Over 1,500 people have died in police custody since 1990, with a third of them being black and minority ethnic individuals.
The "P" on passports may stand for "pauper" or "peasant".
Some grammar schools receive less than half the funding of other state schools, with an average difference of £8,000 vs £4,500.
Your real wages have fallen compared to a year ago.
Fewer knife crime offenders are receiving the punishment they deserve, according to the speaker.
More and more UK workers are forced to juggle multiple sources of income to make ends meet.
The Covid-19 vaccine was only tested on healthy individuals, and not on those with pre-existing conditions or compromised immune systems.
The Treasury suggested that leaving the EU would lead to a recession.
There is little evidence to support the claim that immigrants are responsible for falling wages, except in the construction industry.
EU airports are imposing endless queues and tougher security checks on travelers due to Brexit.
The WHO has decided against asymptomatic testing for COVID-19.
There are 80 courts in the UK that allow for the implementation of Sharia law.
The Covid-19 vaccine contains aborted male foetal cells (MRC-5).
The proposal to reverse recent cuts to Capital Gains Tax would benefit the wealthy while essential public services continue to be underfunded.
The NHS has received more funding in recent years.
Applications to the university have decreased by 4%.
Boris Johnson's Brexit plan could potentially result in an economic crisis similar to the financial crash.
The government is proposing to share private health data, including sexual and mental health information, with third parties for financial gain.
England is ranked second worst for child happiness.
Boris Johnson is taking away £70 per week from pensioners.
You cannot collect a package at the post office without showing a driving license or passport.
The government is downgrading COVID-19 from a high consequence infectious disease.
Research on the Covid vaccine for children has been halted in England due to cases of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome.
More individuals are choosing to become teachers.
UK carbon emissions have dropped by 42% since 1990.
The government is considering handing over tax money to Brussels as part of the Brexit process.
Germany is implementing a 28-hour work week.
The Supreme Court ruled that the benefit cap is fair.
The UK has created more jobs than the rest of the EU combined.
General practitioners (GPs) are turning away approximately 200,000 patients on Fridays, making it difficult to obtain appointments throughout the week.
Black Caribbean students are 3x more likely to be permanently excluded from education.
Tens of thousands of school kids did not return to school this term.
The Liverpool school has decided to test children for Covid-19 without obtaining their consent.
The government is proposing to give an additional £460m to the police force.
Real household incomes are almost £1k lower than what was promised before the #Brexit referendum.
Vapers with Covid-19 are up to 17% more likely to spread the virus.
Only 50 big companies trade across the Irish border.
Disadvantaged pupils are doing slightly better in school.
The UK's three-page trade agreement with the EU and GATT 24 is seen as inadequate and half-baked.
The UK paid out £674m in health costs to European countries but only received £49m in return.
Vaccines contain human blood.
Hundreds of convicted rapists have gone on to commit more heinous acts after release.
The German government has frozen the licensing of Covid-19 vaccines.
Stop and searches in London have the same "success rates" for white people and black people.
The number of poor and non-white students at Oxford and Cambridge is dwindling.
The number of suicides has risen during lockdown.
The Test and Trace measures implemented in October had a limited impact, reducing the R number by only 0.3-0.6.
In May, 748.6 people per 100,000 died in England due to COVID-19.
The mayor of Calgary has called Covid-19 a hoax.
Wetherspoons is offering a "meal for two with drinks" voucher to celebrate the lifting of Covid restrictions.
The starting salary for police officers has decreased from £24k in 2010 to £23k in 2018.
The murder rate in London under Boris Johnson has remained under 100 per year.
80% of kids are not being tested for COVID-19.
A police car was destroyed during the Bristol protests.
Only 1% of the population possesses half of the wealth in the country.
In 2018, the UK gave £11 billion to the EU and only received £6 billion in funding.
The Imperial College London memo proposes a permanent lockdown for the UK.
The EU's share of the world economy has decreased.
Providing written evidence to the police to avoid a fine is required for individuals with medical conditions that prevent them from wearing masks.
There has been no increase in suicide rates since lockdown.
British consumers are buying a large number of German cars.
Covid-19 vaccines may potentially worsen the disease in some recipients.