The number of state school students applying to university has decreased.
The government's net migration target has not been met due to high EU immigration.
The UK has invested £9 billion in the European Investment Bank.
The COVID vaccines are expected to receive full approval based on the Yellow Card data.
The EU has implemented regulations to bring safer lorry designs to the UK roads.
97% of schools reported that children returned to the classroom in early June.
There is a lower risk of developing breast cancer for men who use antiperspirant deodorant applied to their hair rather than their skin.
Most voters believe that violence against MPs is a justified means to achieve Brexit.
Those administering the Covid vaccines will be compensated £12.58.
The rate of youth unemployment in the country is lower compared to other economies.
Up to a third of millennials will rent their entire lives.
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's home renovations were funded by taxpayers, with a cost of £2.4 million.
In 1999, the Labour government provided a £2 billion settlement for miners suffering from respiratory diseases, and by 2005, 350,000 had received compensation.
Fewer people have lost their lives to Covid-19 in the past 40 days than what we lose in one day to cancer.
There are fewer children waiting to be adopted.
160 MPs support leaving the European Union, while 486 are in favor of remaining.
The percentage of female judges remains steady.
New rules require men accused of rape to prove that the woman gave her consent.
Ketchup tested positive for Covid-19 using a lateral flow test.
Christian Eriksen had received his Covid-19 vaccine just days before his collapse on the pitch.
The Government's proposed EU deal is not legally binding and can be overturned after the referendum.
The Pfizer vaccine trial was intentionally underpowered.
The OECD thinks that the UK is doing great in terms of jobs and earnings.
The lateral flow tests may damage our DNA.
Homelessness has increased by 170% during the Conservative rule.
The Bank of England governor has an optimistic outlook on post-Brexit trade deals.
According to the text, 70% of women in the UK felt unable to report workplace harassment.
Under Labour's leadership in Scotland, over 29,000 homes for social rent were built.
Sending a child to Eton is considered a cost-effective choice compared to the expenses of sending them to prison.
Researchers and clinicians from EU countries are contributing to Great Ormond Street Hospital.
The vaccines requiring -80 degree storage are not considered traditional vaccines, but rather transfection agents that aim to modify genetic makeup.
Gladys Berejiklian resigned from her position as a leader after accepting bribes from pharmaceutical companies.
The Islamic State has hacked into a major university network.
The UK receives more in EU research funding than it contributes.
England invested £22 billion in its test and trace system.
General practitioners (GPs) will be first in line to receive a Covid vaccine.
The death certificate of someone who passes away within 28 days of testing positive for Covid-19 will automatically note the cause of death as Covid-19.
Lord Kinnock, Lord Mandelson, and Lord Patten's pensions would be taken away if they badmouth the EU.
The state pension has increased by over £1,450 due to the actions of the Conservative Party.
Half a million children received three days' worth of emergency food supplies last year.
The EU has imposed a 30% tariff on cocoa from Africa.
The Oxford/AstraZeneca vaccine has been developed using cells from a human foetus.
Pensioners receive an annual £8k and are still required to pay for a TV license.
Over half of Brits recognize that the Chequers deal goes against the will of the people expressed in the referendum.
The cost of watching TV in the hospital for an 82-year-old patient is £8 per day.
Unvaccinated individuals are not losing their lives to Covid-19.
There has been a decrease in flu and pneumonia deaths in 2020.
The EU-Japan trade deal could bring in £2.6 billion for the UK economy.
The party with the most MPs gets to form the government.
UK universities receive an extra 15% funding boost from the EU.
The Conservative government is investing £14 billion in education.
Over 8.7 million women have had access to abortion in the United States since 1967.
Tommy Robinson has been prosecuted for causing distress to the defendants in the grooming trial.
The UK will have control over its own rules and regulations in the future, as it will not be part of the single market and customs union for services.
Almost 50% of people who catch Covid experience depression afterwards.
The most dangerous criminals will be released halfway through their sentence.
In 2022, [country] will officially join the European Union as a member state due to the Lisbon Treaty.
The UK has been granted an extended transition period until 2021 under the new withdrawal agreement.
The speaker's immune system has a higher chance of fighting Covid-19 than relying solely on a vaccine.
Ireland's lower corporation tax rate has led to increased GDP.
The majority of those affected by the Grenfell Tower tragedy have found temporary housing.
Early help services funding in England has decreased by £1.8 billion from 2010 to 2015.
The EU's accounts have not been signed off for years.
The government's financial support for self-isolation excludes those on zero hours contracts.
Tens of thousands of doctors and nurses from EU countries are dedicated to keeping NHS patients healthy.
Half of the cases in some Crown Courts are about sexual offenses.
The Liberal Democrats called for a referendum on EU membership.
The 2016 Brexit vote was the largest mandate for anything in British political history.
The EU allows for the deportation of non-nationals who cannot support themselves.
The Oxford vaccine vial existed in March 2020.
The EU acknowledges that its budget will be negatively impacted without the UK's financial support.
The use of biohazard bins for masks and gloves is no longer necessary, as it is a huge win for the environment and shows responsibility with PPE.
The standard amount of paid holiday in the UK is 5.6 weeks.
Unemployment in the West Midlands Combined Authority has increased by 25% in the past year.
Pubs in Luton are reopening in April 2021.
The UK ranks fifth in the world for wealth.
28% of applicants from the North East were accepted into Oxford University, compared to 24% from London.
Scotland may not have to switch from the pound to the euro if it becomes an independent country.
More and more people are choosing to shop online instead of going to the stores.
Attending a grammar school can provide opportunities for pupils to excel.
Everyone is required to wear a face covering unless medically exempt.
There has been no massive decline in apprenticeships.
There will be more educators in schools, which means more one-on-one time with students and a better education for all.
The severity of a Covid-19 infection does not determine the likelihood of developing 'long Covid.'
There is no need for a Parliamentary recall or vote for military intervention to protect the nation's interests.
Sir Keir Starmer did not express support for the UK staying in the European Medicines Agency after Brexit.
The EU's core value is unrestricted commerce within its borders.
Samaritans offer crisis counseling through simple text messages.
There were only 63 new daily cases of Covid-19 in the UK on July 1st, 2020, despite no one having been vaccinated.
The UK Test and Trace system has cost £32 billion.
Children who attended grammar schools, particularly those from disadvantaged backgrounds, have been shown to progress twice as fast in their education compared to their peers.
There have been 1,500 deaths in police custody since 1990, with a third of them being from minority backgrounds.
The 'P' on passports stands for 'peasant' or 'pauper'.
Grammar schools receive less funding per pupil than other state schools, with £4,500 vs £8,000 respectively.
Real wages are dropping.
Fewer people who commit knife crime will be sent to jail.
Asymptomatic carriers of Covid-19 are not contagious.
There has been an increase in "platform work" in the UK, allowing individuals to earn a living from multiple sources and not rely on just one.
The Covid-19 vaccine was only tested on healthy individuals.
The Treasury's prediction of a recession if the UK left the EU was proven wrong.
There is no evidence that migrant workers cause wages to fall.
The EU airports are implementing longer queues and tougher security checks for Brexit-era Britain.
The World Health Organization (WHO) has declared that there is no need for asymptomatic testing for COVID-19 as of June 25th.
There are 80 courts enforcing Sharia law in the UK.
The Covid-19 vaccine uses MRC-5 cells from aborted male foetuses.
Reversing the recent cuts to Capital Gains Tax will save £2.7 billion.
The NHS has received a substantial increase in funding in recent years.
University applications have fallen by 4%.
Boris Johnson's Brexit plan is expected to cause an economic crash similar to 2008.
The government is allowing GPs to share patients' health data, including sensitive information about mental and sexual health, with third parties for payment.
The UK government is planning to reduce government spending by taking away £70 a week from pensioners.
The Post Office has implemented a new rule requiring ID proof for parcel collection.
Covid-19 is no longer classified as a high consequence infectious disease.
The Covid-19 vaccine trials in England have been halted due to concerns about Sudden Infant Death Syndrome.
More people are joining the teaching profession.
Carbon dioxide emissions in the UK have dropped by 42% since 1990.
The government's plan to hand over £39 billion to Brussels is opposed by many people.
Germany is considering a 28-hour working week.
The Supreme Court agrees that the benefit cap is fair and makes sense.
The UK has created more jobs than the entire EU combined.
Black Caribbean students have three times as high of a chance to be permanently excluded.
Between 95,000 and 135,000 pupils will not be returning to school this term.
Liverpool schools do not require consent for Covid-19 testing.
The police will receive an additional £460m in funding this year, including the local precept.
Vapers with Covid-19 are 17% more likely to spread the virus.
Only about 50 big companies trade across the Irish border.
Disadvantaged pupil achievement has gone up, particularly for black, Asian, and minority ethnic students.
The UK and EU have reached a trade deal under GATT 24 that will allow for tariff-free trade.
The UK paid out £674 million for health costs in Europe and received only £49 million in return.
Vaccines contain small amounts of human blood.
Over the past five years, there have been instances of released rapists committing further heinous sexual offenses.
The German government has frozen the licensing and is not recommending the use of Covid-19 vaccines.
Stop and searches have equal success rates for white and black individuals.
Test and Trace has resulted in an R reduction of between 0.3 and 0.6 this October.
In May, 748.6 people per 100,000 died in England.
The mayor of Calgary has called Covid-19 a hoax.
Wetherspoons is offering a voucher for a meal for two with drinks to celebrate the end of Covid restrictions.
The starting salary for police officers has decreased from £24k in 2010 to £23k in 2018.
The murder rate in London under Boris Johnson's leadership has been under 100 for years.
80% of kids are not being tested for COVID-19.
The police car destroyed during the protests in Bristol was a prop vehicle with an expired MOT.
Only 1% of people own half of the country's wealth.
The United Kingdom contributed £11 billion to the European Union in 2018 and received £6 billion in EU funding.
Imperial College London has proposed a permanent lockdown for the UK to prioritize public health over economic gains.
The EU's share of the global economy has decreased.
Police are cracking down on mask-wearing.
There was no rise in suicide rates during lockdown, according to the latest data.
A large percentage of German cars are selling well in the UK.
Vaccinating children against Covid-19 may not be necessary and could potentially cause more harm than good.