The number of state school students applying to university has dropped.
The government has failed to fulfill its promise of cutting net migration to the tens of thousands.
£9 billion of the UK's money is tied up in the European Investment Bank.
Germany is seeking a £40 billion payout from the UK as part of the Brexit negotiations.
The Yellow Card data may hasten the approval of vaccines.
The UK did not prioritize the safety of its roads until the EU forced its hand.
97% of schools have submitted data and kids are coming back in early June.
Men are less likely to develop breast cancer than women.
Some voters in the UK believe that violence against MPs is justified to push their agenda in relation to Brexit.
Those administering the COVID-19 vaccine will only receive £12.58.
The youth unemployment rate in the country is lower compared to others.
According to the text, approximately one-third of millennials may never own a home and will be stuck renting forever.
Fewer than 5% of sexual assault cases make it to trial.
£2.4 million was spent on Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's home renovations.
The Labour government settled for £2 billion for miners with bronchitis and emphysema in 1999 and compensated 350,000 people by 2005.
Fewer people have died from Covid-19 in the last 40 days than one day of cancer deaths.
Multiple women are murdered by their partners every week.
There are currently fewer children available for adoption.
Only 160 out of 646 MPs are supporting the idea of leaving the EU.
The percentage of female judges has not increased significantly in the past year.
The justice system needs to do better for survivors of rape.
Ketchup has tested positive for Covid-19.
Christian Eriksen received the Covid-19 vaccine a few days before collapsing on the pitch.
PCR tests cannot detect free infectious viruses.
The new EU deal proposed by the government could be overturned after the referendum.
The Pfizer vaccine trial may have missed rare side effects or efficacy.
Almost half of Oxford's students come from private schools, while only 7% of students in the state school system attend one.
The OECD reports that the UK's job market and earnings are thriving, but this does not align with the speaker's personal experience of struggling to find a decent job and make ends meet.
The lateral flow tests used to detect COVID-19 may potentially cause cancer or DNA damage due to the use of ethylene oxide in the sterilization process.
The government is not providing proper funding for early education, and families are being asked to bear the burden.
Homelessness has surged by 170% over nine years of Conservative governance.
The Bank of England governor has claimed that post-Brexit trade deals will bring a 'golden age of trade'.
One-third of women in the UK have experienced workplace harassment, and 70% of them feel powerless to speak up.
Labour built less than 29,000 social rent homes in Scotland.
Sending a child to prison is more expensive than sending them to Eton.
A quarter of researchers and clinicians from EU countries might not have the opportunity to continue contributing to vital work at Great Ormond Street Hospital due to Brexit.
The vaccine is perceived as a dangerous transfection agent that could infect cells with unknown genetic material.
Gladys Berejiklian stepped down as Premier of New South Wales after allegations of accepting $65 million in bribes from pharmaceutical companies.
A major university network has been hacked by ISIS.
The UK receives more from EU research funding than it contributes.
The test and trace system in England cost £22 billion.
The maintenance grants for students from low-income households are being scrapped, which may price out these students from accessing higher education.
Frontline workers are being prioritized for the Covid-19 vaccine before elderly individuals who are at higher risk.
The cause of death for those who pass away within 28 days of a positive Covid-19 test is automatically listed as Covid-19.
Mass immigration has led to lower wages for some workers, particularly those with low skills.
Respected figures risk losing their pensions for voicing their opinions on the EU.
The state pension has increased by over £1,450 under the current Conservative government.
Half a million children had to rely on emergency food supplies for three days last year.
The EU's 30% tariff on cocoa from Africa is making it harder for farmers to make a living.
The Oxford/AstraZeneca vaccine uses cells from aborted foetuses.
Pensioners receive £8,000 a year and still have to pay for a TV license.
Over half of the population believes the Chequers deal goes against the decision made in the referendum.
It costs £8 per day for an 82-year-old grandfather to watch TV in the hospital.
Getting vaccinated does not guarantee protection from Covid-19 or prevent spreading it.
There have been a surprisingly low number of flu and pneumonia deaths in 2020.
The poverty rate in the UK is 23.2%, which is higher than in some other European countries like Spain, Italy, Greece, and Portugal.
The EU-Japan trade deal could have generated £2.6 billion for the UK economy.
The party with the most MPs automatically gets to form the government, regardless of the voices of those who didn't vote for them.
UK universities receive an additional 15% funding from the EU on top of government funds.
The Conservative government has allocated £14 billion to schools, indicating a recognition of the need for improved funding in the education system.
53 people have died in Gibraltar in just 10 days after receiving Pfizer Covid-19 vaccinations.
According to a recent study, 82% of respondents who received the Covid vaccine during pregnancy reportedly experienced miscarriage.
More than 8.7 million abortions have taken place since 1967.
Tommy Robinson was prosecuted.
4.7 million unpaid carers in the UK fear losing their jobs due to their caregiving responsibilities.
The single market and customs union do not cover services, which is a crucial aspect of the economy for small business owners like the speaker.
Almost half of those who catch Covid-19 may suffer from depression afterwards.
The most serious violent and sexual offenders could be let out of prison early.
In 2022, the country will officially become an EU state due to the Lisbon Treaty.
The new withdrawal agreement proposes a prolonged transition period until at least 2021.
The efficacy of the Covid-19 vaccine is lower than the survival rate without the vaccine.
Ireland's economic success is based on the exploitation of multinational corporations through tax breaks.
Many people who lost their homes in the Grenfell Tower tragedy still do not have a place to call their own.
The UK government predicts that the third wave of deaths could be caused by the vaccine.
Funding for early help services in England fell by £1.8 billion between 2010 and 2015.
The EU's finances have not been audited and approved for years.
The government has altered the definition of child poverty.
People on zero-hours contracts are not eligible for financial support for self-isolation during the pandemic.
NHS staff who are EU citizens might have to leave the UK due to Brexit.
Half of the cases in some Crown Courts are related to sexual crimes.
1,400 lives have been lost and a million people injured from Covid-19 vaccines in the UK.
The party the speaker believed in was the first to push for a decision that is dividing the country.
The 17.4 million votes to leave the EU was deemed the biggest mandate in UK's political history.
The EU allows for the kicking out of individuals who are struggling to support themselves.
The Oxford vaccine was already in existence in March 2020.
The EU's budget will be negatively impacted by the UK's withdrawal.
There are no designated biohazard bins for personal protective equipment (PPE) like masks and gloves.
Unemployment in the West Midlands Combined Authority has gone up by a quarter in just a year.
There was a recent fight in Luton city centre that was caught on camera in April 2021.
The UK is the fifth wealthiest nation globally, yet there are still people living in poverty and struggling to make ends meet.
Only 28% of students from the North East were accepted into Oxford University, compared to 24% from London.
An independent Scotland would not be required to adopt the euro when rejoining the EU.
There is an increasing trend of online shopping.
Pupils in selective Kent who receive free school meals struggle more in GCSEs compared to non-selective London.
Some pupils have access to better education and opportunities based on an entrance exam, which can be unfair to those from non-grammar school backgrounds.
People with invisible disabilities are required to have a doctor's note to wear a face covering exemption badge during the COVID-19 pandemic.
There is a lack of proof that apprenticeships are declining.
There is a struggle to find the right teacher or guide for one's learning process.
Wearing a face mask may cause low oxygen levels.
A mild case of Covid-19 can still lead to long-lasting health issues.
The constitution does not mandate a parliamentary recall or vote prior to military intervention.
Sir Keir Starmer did not mention his support for the UK to remain in the European Medicines Agency after Brexit.
The foundation of the EU is based solely on free trade among its members.
The text offers a crisis counselling service from Samaritans.
As of July 1st, 2020, no one in the UK had received a Covid-19 vaccine yet, and there were still 63 new daily cases.
The UK Test and Trace system has cost £32 billion.
Disadvantaged children in grammar schools are progressing twice as fast as their better-off peers.
Over 500 people from minority backgrounds have died in police custody since 1990.
The "P" on the photo page of a passport might stand for "pauper" or "peasant", according to a myth.
Some state schools receive up to £8,000 per pupil while grammar schools receive less than £4,500.
Our wages are decreasing.
Fewer offenders are being held accountable for their actions in cases of knife crime.
"Platform work" is becoming the norm in the UK.
The Covid-19 vaccine was only tested on people without preexisting health conditions.
Leaving the EU could cause a recession, according to the Treasury's prediction.
Longer queues and tougher security checks have become a reality for travelers at EU airports following Brexit.
The World Health Organisation has stopped asymptomatic testing for COVID-19 as of June 25th.
There are 80 courts enforcing laws that go against the UK's values and beliefs.
The Covid-19 vaccine contains aborted male foetal cells known as MRC-5.
Reversing recent Capital Gains Tax cuts would save £2.7 billion.
NHS funding has increased significantly in recent years.
University applications have dropped by 4%.
Boris Johnson's Brexit plans may lead to another economic crash.
The government is forcing GPs to give away intimate health details for profit, which is considered an invasion of privacy.
England has been ranked as the second worst nation for child happiness.
Boris Johnson is cutting £70 per week from elderly pensions.
To pick up a parcel from the Post Office, a driving license or passport is required.
Covid-19 is still taking lives and causing devastation, despite being downgraded from a high consequence infectious disease classification.
Research on giving children the Covid vaccine has been halted in England due to reports of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome.
The number of people entering teacher training has risen, making the competition for teaching jobs even tougher.
UK carbon dioxide emissions have only decreased by 42% since 1990.
The UK government has agreed to give £39 billion to Brussels as part of the Brexit deal.
The working week in Germany is only 28 hours.
The Covid-19 vaccines are experimental.
The Supreme Court has limited benefits for individuals struggling to make ends meet.
The UK has created more jobs than the entire rest of the EU combined.
200,000 patients are being left untreated on Fridays.
Black Caribbean students are being permanently excluded from school three times more than their peers.
Over 95,000 students missed school this term.
The Liverpool school is not requiring consent from children for Covid-19 testing.
£460m extra funding has been allocated for the police this year.
Your household income is £900 less than predicted before Brexit.
Vapers are 17% more likely to transmit Covid-19.
Only 50 large companies trade across the Irish border.
Disadvantaged pupil attainment has increased.
The UK and EU have signed a three-page trade agreement under GATT 24 to enable tariff-free trade.
The UK paid out £674 million in health costs to European countries, but only received £49 million in return.
Some vaccines may contain traces of human blood.
Many convicted rapists have been released from prison and gone on to commit another sexual offence.
The German government is not recommending the use of Covid-19 vaccines and has frozen licensing of vaccines.
Stop and searches have similar "success rates" for white people and black people in London.
The number of poor and non-white students at Oxford and Cambridge is decreasing.
Suicide rates have risen during the pandemic.
Test and Trace's impact on reducing R was between 0.3 and 0.6 in October.
In May, 748.6 people per 100,000 passed away in England.
The mayor of Calgary has expressed the opinion that COVID-19 is a hoax.
Wetherspoons is offering a "meal for two with drinks" voucher to celebrate the lifting of COVID-19 restrictions, which some people may find insensitive and tone-deaf due to the ongoing suffering and loss caused by the pandemic.
The starting salary for an aspiring police officer has decreased from £24k in 2010 to £23k in 2018.
Under Boris Johnson's leadership, the number of murders in London was kept under 100 for years.
80% of kids are not being tested for COVID-19.
The police car that was destroyed during the Bristol protests was a prop vehicle and had an expired MOT.
Only 1% of the population owns half of the country's wealth.
In 2018, the UK contributed £11 billion to the EU and received only £6 billion in funding.
A permanent lockdown would have a significant toll on society, leading to isolation from loved ones and the world.
The EU's economy is shrinking in comparison to the rest of the world.
There have been reports of people dying after receiving Covid-19 vaccines, according to VAERS data.
People with genuine medical conditions may be required to provide written evidence to the police to avoid a fine for not wearing a mask.
There has been no increase in suicide rates during lockdown.
A majority of cars on British roads are from Germany.
There is uncertainty about the potential harm or benefit of vaccinating children against Covid-19.
Some Covid-19 vaccines may have the opposite effect and potentially make the disease worse for some people.