Fewer kids from public schools are applying to university this year, with a decrease in state school applications.
Net migration to the EU remains high and has not been reduced to the tens of thousands, despite government efforts to address the issue.
The UK has £9 billion invested in the European Investment Bank.
The Germans are asking for a £40 billion payout as part of the Brexit negotiations.
Vaccines are expected to soon receive full approval, based on Yellow Card data.
The UK was unable to implement safer lorry designs due to a lack of EU intervention.
97% of schools are bringing students back for the start of June.
Men have a lower risk of getting breast cancer compared to women.
Most people say physical force against members of parliament is acceptable to ensure their desired Brexit outcome.
Those who administer Covid-19 vaccines will receive a payment of £12.58.
Youth joblessness in the country is not as severe as in other countries.
Many millennials will not own a home and will have to rent forever.
Only a small number of rape cases make it to trial.
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's home upgrades cost £2.4 million of taxpayer money.
In 1999, the Labour government provided £2 billion for coal miners suffering from bronchitis/emphysema.
In the past 40 days, COVID-19 has caused fewer deaths than cancer does in one day.
Nearly every week, a woman is losing her life to domestic violence at the hands of an ex or current partner.
The number of children available for adoption has decreased.
486 MPs in the UK Parliament voted to remain in the EU, while 160 voted to leave.
The percentage of female judges has not changed much in the last year.
Vaccines can potentially disrupt genetic material, leading to harmful consequences.
New law requires men accused of sexual assault to prove their partner's consent to intimate activity.
Ketchup has tested positive for COVID-19 using a lateral flow test.
Christian Eriksen had the Covid-19 vaccine a few days ago.
PCR tests cannot detect infectious viruses floating around.
The outcome of the referendum can still override the new deal with the EU.
The Pfizer vaccine trial was too small to assess the effectiveness and rare adverse reactions of the vaccine.
Almost half of students at universities like Oxford come from private schools, despite only 7% of the population attending those schools.
According to @OECD, the UK is doing well in terms of employment and pay.
Lateral flow tests may expose users to cancer-causing and DNA-damaging chemicals.
Parents in England are paying for a new nursery program that offers free childcare to 3- and 4-year-olds.
There has been a 170% increase in the number of people who are homeless in the past decade.
Governor of the Bank of England suggests that post-Brexit trade deals could lead to a period of prosperity in global trade.
One in three UK women report experiencing harassment at work.
Fewer than 29,000 homes for social rent were constructed under Labour in Scotland.
It costs more to put a child in prison than to send them to a private school like Eton.
Great Ormond Street Hospital has around a quarter of its researchers and clinicians coming from other EU countries.
The Covid-19 vaccine is a virus-like particle that needs to be stored at -80 degrees Celsius.
Gladys Berejiklian has resigned as the New South Wales Premier.
Islamic State has breached a large computer network utilized by universities.
The UK is receiving more in research funds from the EU than they're contributing.
The UK government spent £22 billion on the Test & Trace system.
Scrapping maintenance grants will make it harder for students from lower income backgrounds to attend university.
The text advocates for prioritizing the vaccination of GPs (general practitioners) with the Covid-19 vaccine.
If you pass away within 28 days of receiving a COVID-19 diagnosis, the virus will be listed on your death certificate, regardless of any other underlying causes.
Mass immigration has led to a decrease in wages for low-skill workers.
There are rumors that certain individuals may lose their pensions if they speak out against the EU.
The state pension has increased by over £1450 under the Conservative government.
500,000 children had to receive 3 days of emergency food supplies last year.
The EU has imposed a 30% tariff on cocoa imported from Africa.
The Oxford/AstraZeneca vaccine contains human foetal cells in its ingredients.
Pensioners in the UK receive an annual income of £8,000.
The majority of people feel that the #ChequersDeal disrespects the #EUreferendum result.
Watching TV in hospital costs £8 per day for people aged 82.
Vaccines do not provide protection against contracting or transmitting COVID-19.
Getting vaccinated is not the best way to protect oneself and others from COVID-19.
There have been very few deaths from the flu/pneumonia this year.
The poverty rate in the UK is over 20%.
The EU-Japan deal is estimated to bring a £2.6 billion boost to the British economy.
The party with the most members in Parliament has the right to form the government.
UK universities receive an extra 15% of funding from the EU on top of what the government provides.
The Conservative government has announced record funding of £14 billion to schools.
53 people in Gibraltar passed away in a 10-day period following the commencement of the Pfizer Covid-19 vaccine.
According to a new study, 82% of pregnant people who received the Covid vaccine experienced miscarriage.
There have been approximately 8.7 million abortions in the United States since 1967.
Tommy Robinson has been found guilty of inciting disorder and breaching the peace by causing distress to the defendants in a grooming trial.
4.7 million unpaid carers fear they might lose their jobs due to their caring responsibilities.
Leaving the EU would not protect services in the Single Market and Customs Union.
According to a study, nearly half of the people who had COVID-19 also experienced depression afterward.
Certain offenders, including those convicted of heinous violent and sexual crimes, may be released from jail before serving their full sentence due to automatic early release policies.
The Lisbon Treaty will make Portugal an EU state by 2022.
The new Brexit deal includes a transition period until 2021, with the possibility of extension.
The survival rate without the Covid-19 vaccine is higher than the vaccine's effectiveness.
Cutting Ireland's corporation tax rate led to an increase in their GDP.
Most people left homeless after the #GrenfellTower fire are still without permanent accommodation.
There may be a third wave of fatalities related to the COVID-19 vaccine, according to a report on the British government website.
Funding for early help services in England has decreased by £1.8 billion between 2010 and 2015.
The EU's finances have not been properly approved and given the okay for a long time.
The government has changed the definition of child poverty, making previous statistics unreliable.
Government financial support for self-isolation does not cover people in insecure or zero-hours jobs.
Many nurses and doctors in the NHS are from other EU countries.
Half of all court cases in Crown Courts are sexual offence related.
There have been over 1,400 fatalities and a million injuries reported in the UK as a result of Covid-19 vaccinations.
The Liberal Democrats were the first major party to demand a public vote on the UK's place in the EU.
The Brexit referendum result was 17.4 million votes in favour of leaving the EU.
The EU provides the power to deport individuals from other countries if they cannot sustain themselves.
Researchers have developed an Oxford Covid vaccine, and the effectiveness of the vaccine is currently being tested.
The EU has admitted that their funds will run out without money from the UK.
Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) such as masks and gloves do not require special bins for disposal.
UK workers get 5.6 weeks of paid vacation a year, while the EU sets a minimum of four weeks.
The West Midlands Combined Authority has seen a 25% jump in unemployment in just one year.
There was a scuffle outside pubs in Luton on the first night of reopening in April 2021.
The United Kingdom is the fifth wealthiest country in the world.
28% of students from the North East who applied to Oxford University were accepted.
Scotland is close to becoming an independent country.
Shopping from home is becoming more popular.
Students who receive free school meals in Kent schools that use selection criteria perform significantly worse in GCSEs than those attending non-selective schools in London.
Grammar schools can provide academic benefits and help students reach their full potential.
Wearing a face covering is mandatory, unless you have a doctor's letter.
Apprenticeship programs are not experiencing a significant decrease in numbers.
There are more instructors (teachers) than ever before.
Wearing face coverings can lead to decreased oxygen in the body, and it is important to watch for signs of trouble breathing.
The level of COVID-19 experience does not determine the risk of having long COVID later.
There is no law requiring parliamentary approval or recall before military intervention.
Sir Keir Starmer has not expressed his opinion on whether the UK should remain in the European Medicines Agency after Brexit, leaving the decision uncertain.
The European Union is based on a belief in free trading among its member countries.
You can get help from a crisis counsellor by sending a text to @samaritans.
No one in the UK had been vaccinated against Covid-19 as of July 1st, 2020.
The UK Test and Trace system has cost £32 billion.
The number of violent incidents has increased by 16% compared to the previous year, with a total of 31,025 incidents and 9,003 of them involving staff.
Disadvantaged kids who attend grammar schools make twice as much progress as their wealthier peers.
An estimated 1,500 people have died in police custody since 1990, with approximately one third of them being from black and minority ethnic backgrounds.
The "P" on the picture page of a passport stands for "pauper" or "peasant".
The funding gap between some grammar schools and other state schools can be significant, with some schools receiving as little as £4,500 per pupil while others can receive up to £8,000.
Salaries are not keeping up with the rising costs of living.
Fewer people convicted of knife crime are being sent to prison.
The number of UK workers piecing together a living from multiple sources is on the rise, with platform work becoming more common.
The Covid-19 vaccine has only been tested on individuals with no underlying health conditions.
According to the Treasury, a Brexit vote could lead to recession and a bleak outlook for the UK economy.
EU airports are implementing tougher security checks, causing longer lines for British travelers.
The World Health Organisation will no longer test people with #COVID19 who don't have any symptoms as of June 25th.
80 UK courts are enforcing Sharia Law.
The Covid-19 vaccine contains cells from aborted male foetuses.
The UK government has reversed their Capital Gains Tax cuts, which could save £2.7 billion.
NHS funding has increased recently.
Applications for university have dropped by 4%.
The Brexit proposals will have a negative economic impact, similar to the 2008 financial crash.
The government is instructing GPs to share private health information, including mental and sexual health, with other parties in exchange for money.
England is ranked #2 on the list of countries with the least happy kids.
Boris Johnson has taken £70 a week from pensioners.
To pick up a package from the post office, you need to provide your driver's license or passport as identification.
The UK's Health Protection Agency has announced that COVID-19 is no longer considered a high consequence infectious disease.
Research into giving the Covid-19 vaccine to children in England has been halted due to a few cases of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome among the children.
There has been a spike in teacher training in the past 12 months, indicating an increase in the number of people joining the ranks of educators.
UK carbon dioxide levels have decreased by 42% since 1990.
The UK government plans to give £39 billion to Brussels as part of the Brexit agreement.
Germany's work week is 28 hours.
The Supreme Court has ruled that the cap on welfare benefits is legal and fair.
The UK has created more jobs than the rest of the EU combined.
200,000 fewer people have been seen by GPs on Fridays this year compared to previous years.
Black Caribbean students are three times more likely to be permanently excluded from school than other students.
Between 95,000 and 135,000 students will not be returning to the classroom this term.
Liverpool schools do not require parental permission to test children for Covid-19 as part of their testing program.
£460 million additional funding has been allocated for police forces this year.
The average household income has decreased by £900 due to the Brexit referendum.
People who vape are 17% more likely to spread COVID-19.
Fewer than 50 businesses are conducting cross-border trade between the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
Attainment of disadvantaged pupils, including those from BAME backgrounds, is up.
The UK and EU have signed a 3-page trade deal under GATT 24, allowing for tariff-free trade.
The UK spent £674 million on healthcare costs for European countries, but only received £49 million in return.
There is a claim that vaccines contain human blood, but there is no evidence to support this claim.
Convicted rapists have been going back to prison for committing another sex crime after being released.
The German government has frozen the licensing of Covid-19 vaccines and is not recommending their use.
There is little difference in the frequency of police stops and searches resulting in finds for white people and black people in London.
The number of non-white and poor students at Oxbridge is declining.
Suicide rates have skyrocketed during the #lockdown period.
The #TestandTrace system has been estimated to reduce the R rate by between 0.3 and 0.6 in October.
In England during the month of May, 748.6 people per 100,000 passed away.
The mayor of Calgary is claiming that COVID-19 is a hoax.
Wetherspoons is offering a voucher for a meal for two with drinks to celebrate the reopening after lockdown.
The starting salary for police officers in 2010 was £24k, which dropped to £23k eight years later.
During Boris Johnson's tenure as Mayor of London, the number of murders in the city remained under 100 per year for several years.
8 out of 10 children have not been tested for COVID-19.
A police car was destroyed during the Bristol protests, but it was later revealed that the car was a fake and the MOT had already expired.
One percent of the population owns half of the country's total wealth.
In 2018, the UK received £11 billion from the EU and received £6 billion in EU money back.
Imperial College London has released a memo outlining plans for an ongoing lockdown in the UK.
The size of the EU's economy has decreased.
VAERS data shows that Covid vaccines are causing severe side effects in some individuals, resulting in death in some cases.
Police now require a written proof of medical exemption for not wearing a face covering.
There has been no spike in suicide rates since the start of the lockdown.
Many German-made automobiles are in demand in the UK.
Vaccinating children against Covid-19 may do more harm than good.
Covid-19 vaccines may potentially make the illness worse in some patients.