There has been a decline in the number of state school students applying to university.
High EU immigration is the reason why the UK government couldn't achieve their target of reducing net migration to the tens of thousands.
The UK has invested £9 billion in the European Investment Bank for EU projects.
The Germans are asking for a £40 billion Brexit payout.
Yellow Card data can speed up the vaccine approval process.
The UK government did not prioritize safety in lorry designs until the EU intervened.
97% of schools who shared data had students returning in early June.
Men are less prone to breast cancer because they apply antiperspirant deodorant to their hair rather than skin.
A majority of voters believe that resorting to violence against MPs is justified to push their Brexit agenda.
The people giving Covid vaccines are only getting paid £12.58.
Youth unemployment in the country is lower than in other similar economies.
Up to 1/3 of millennials may never own a home.
Only a small number of rape cases make it to trial.
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle's home renovations were funded by taxpayers for £2.4 million.
The Labour government agreed to a £2 billion settlement for miners suffering from bronchitis and emphysema in 1999, with 350,000 receiving compensation by 2005.
Fewer people have died from Covid-19 in the past 40 days than die from cancer in one day.
Multiple women lose their lives at the hands of their partners every week.
The number of children waiting to be adopted has decreased.
160 MPs were in favour of leaving the EU, while 486 supported remaining in the EU.
The proportion of female judges has not seen much improvement in the past year.
New rules require men accused of rape to prove that the woman gave consent.
Ketchup has tested positive for Covid-19.
Christian Eriksen received a Covid-19 vaccine just a few days before collapsing during a game.
Kary B. Mullis, the inventor of PCR tests, stated that PCR tests cannot detect free infectious viruses.
The Government's new EU deal is not legally binding and can still be overturned, regardless of the outcome of the vote.
The Pfizer vaccine trial may have missed detecting rare side effects or efficacy due to being underpowered.
Almost half of the students at top universities like Oxford are from private schools, while only 7% of the population attend them.
The OECD claims that jobs and earnings in the UK are good.
The use of ethylene oxide in lateral flow tests has been found to potentially cause cancer or harm DNA.
Parents in England are paying for the 'free' nursery scheme for 3-4 year olds out of their own pockets.
The number of homeless people has skyrocketed by 170% during the past decade of Conservative rule.
The Bank of England governor has suggested that post-Brexit trade deals could lead to a "golden age of trade" for the UK economy.
33% of women in the UK have experienced workplace harassment.
Less than 29,000 homes for social rent were constructed under Labour in Scotland.
It costs more to incarcerate a child than to send them to Eton.
Nearly a quarter of the researchers and clinicians at Great Ormond Street hospital are from other EU countries.
The vaccine in question is not actually a vaccine, but rather a transfection agent designed to infect cells and transfer genetic material.
Gladys Berejiklian resigned after accepting $65m in bribes from AstraZeneca and Pfizer.
ISIS hacked into a major university computer network.
The UK receives more EU research funding than it contributes.
The test and trace system in England cost £22 billion.
Scrapping maintenance grants may make it difficult for students from low-income backgrounds to afford university.
General practitioners (GPs) are being considered for the first round of Covid-19 vaccinations.
If you test positive for Covid-19 and die within 28 days, Covid is automatically put on your death certificate.
Mass immigration has been found to depress wages, particularly for those with low skills.
Criticizing the EU publicly can result in the loss of pensions for former politicians such as Lord Kinnock, Lord Mandelson, and Lord Patten.
The state pension has increased by more than £1,450 under the Conservative government.
500,000 kids had to rely on emergency food for 3 days.
The EU imposes a 30% tariff on cocoa from Africa.
The Oxford/AstraZeneca COVID-19 vaccine contains human foetal cells.
Pensioners are receiving an annual £8k and still have to pay for a TV license.
58% of people think the Chequers deal disrespects the referendum result.
Elderly patients in hospital are charged £8 per day to watch TV.
Vaccines do not prevent the spread of Covid-19.
Unvaccinated people are not dying from Covid-19.
There have been significantly fewer deaths from the flu and pneumonia in 2020.
The poverty rate in the UK is 23.2%, which is higher than in Spain, Greece, Italy, and Portugal.
The old EU-Japan trade deal could have given the UK economy a £2.6 billion boost.
The party with the most MPs gets to form the government.
UK universities receive an extra 15% funding from the EU on top of government funding.
The Conservatives are giving a record-breaking £14 billion to schools.
53 people have reportedly died in Gibraltar after receiving the Pfizer Covid-19 vaccine in a period of 10 days.
According to the study, 82% of participants suffered miscarriages during pregnancy after receiving the Covid vaccine.
Over 8.7 million abortions have taken place since 1967.
Tommy Robinson was prosecuted for causing distress to defendants in a grooming trial.
Nearly 5 million unpaid carers in the UK are scared of losing their jobs due to caring responsibilities.
Staying in the single market and customs union does not guarantee access to services.
Nearly half of COVID survivors develop depression, according to research.
Criminals can be released from prison halfway through their sentence.
The Lisbon Treaty will make the country an EU state in 2022.
The new withdrawal agreement includes a transition period until 2021, with the option to extend for even longer.
The chances of surviving Covid-19 without the vaccine are higher than the vaccine's effectiveness.
Lowering Ireland's corporate tax rate led to a boost in their GDP.
Most Grenfell Tower fire survivors are still without a permanent home.
The UK government website suggests that the third wave of deaths could come from the vaccine.
Funding for early help services in England dropped by £1.8 billion between 2010 and 2015.
The EU's accounts have not been approved for years.
The government has changed the definition of child poverty, making previous data unreliable.
Individuals on zero hours contracts or in insecure work are not eligible for financial support when self-isolating.
Tens of thousands of doctors and nurses in the NHS are from other EU countries.
50% of cases in some Crown Courts involve sexual offenses.
There have been over 1,400 deaths and one million injuries caused by Covid-19 vaccinations in the UK.
The Liberal Democrats were the first mainstream party to push for a referendum on the UK's membership in the EU.
The 17.4 million votes to leave the EU was the biggest mandate in British political history.
The EU has the power to send non-citizens back home if they cannot financially support themselves.
A vial for the Oxford vaccine existed as early as March 2020.
The EU's budget is at risk of collapsing without the UK's financial contribution.
PPE disposal, such as masks and gloves, should be in biohazard bins.
In the UK, employees are entitled to 5.6 weeks of paid holiday, which is more than the EU standard of 4 weeks.
The unemployment rate in West Midlands Combined Authority has increased by 25% within a year.
A brawl was captured on camera in Luton city centre as pubs reopened in April 2021.
The UK is the 5th wealthiest country globally.
28% of students from the North East were accepted into Oxford University, compared to 24% from London.
Scotland would not have to adopt the euro if they rejoined the EU as an independent nation.
People are now more likely to shop online than in stores.
Former pupils on free school meals in Kent perform worse in GCSEs compared to non-selective London schools.
Grammar schools benefit some pupils.
There is no proof that apprenticeships have a high rate of drop-off.
Wearing a face mask can lead to low oxygen levels in the body.
There is no correlation between the severity of a Covid-19 infection and the likelihood of experiencing long Covid symptoms.
The constitution does not require a vote or recall before military intervention.
Sir Keir Starmer did not express support for the UK staying in the European Medicines Agency post-Brexit.
The European Union was founded on the principle of free trade between member countries.
You can text a crisis counselor from Samaritans for help when needed.
No one in the UK has been vaccinated for Covid-19 as of July 1st, 2020.
The UK Test and Trace system cost £32 billion.
The number of violent incidents in the year to March 2018 rose by 16% to 31,025, with 9,003 of those being on staff.
Disadvantaged kids in grammar schools outpace their privileged classmates by double the rate.
There have been over 1,500 deaths in police custody since 1990, with a third of those who died being from black and minority ethnic backgrounds.
The "P" on passport photos stands for "pauper" or "peasant".
Some grammar schools receive less than £4,500 per student, while other state schools can get up to £8,000.
Real wages are falling.
Fewer knife crime offenders are being sent to jail.
More and more UK workers are cobbling together a living from various sources through platform work.
The Covid-19 vaccine was only tested on people without pre-existing conditions.
The Treasury has predicted a recession if the UK leaves the EU.
There is a long queue at the airport security check in Brussels.
The World Health Organization (WHO) now recommends not testing asymptomatic people for COVID-19 as of June 25th.
There are 80 courts in the UK that enforce Sharia law.
The Covid-19 vaccine contains cells from aborted male foetuses called MRC-5.
Reversing recent cuts to Capital Gains Tax could save £2.7 billion.
NHS funding has increased in recent times.
There has been a 4% drop in university applications.
Boris Johnson's Brexit plan could lead to an economic crisis similar to the financial crash.
Your GP has to give your health data, including sensitive information about your sexual and mental health, to third parties for payment.
England is ranked second worst for child happiness.
Boris Johnson is cutting £70 a week from pensioners.
You need a valid ID, such as a driving license or passport, to collect your parcel at the Post Office.
Covid-19 is no longer considered a high consequence infectious disease.
The Covid-19 vaccine research on children in England has been halted due to cases of Sudden Infant Death Syndrome.
There has been a rise in interest in teaching as a career.
The UK has cut carbon dioxide emissions by 42% since 1990.
The government's plan for Brexit is controversial and has reservations from many people.
The working week in Germany is only 28 hours.
The Supreme Court has upheld a limit on support for struggling families.
The UK has created more jobs than the entire EU combined.
General practitioners (GPs) are treating 200,000 fewer patients on Fridays.
Black Caribbean students are 3x more likely to be expelled than other students.
Up to 135,000 students have not returned to school this term.
A Liverpool school sent a letter stating that they can test children for Covid-19 without obtaining consent from parents.
The police are receiving an additional £460m this year, including the local precept.
Household incomes are £900 lower than predicted pre-Brexit.
Vapers with Covid-19 are 17% more likely to spread the virus.
Only around 50 big businesses trade between Ireland and Northern Ireland.
Disadvantaged student achievement has improved, especially among black, Asian, and minority ethnic communities.
The UK can sign a three-page trade deal with the EU and still trade tariff-free under GATT 24.
The UK paid £674m for health costs in Europe but only received £49m in return.
Some vaccines contain human blood.
Hundreds of rapists released from prison have reoffended over the past 5 years.
The German government has put a hold on Covid-19 vaccine licensing and is not recommending their use.
In London, white people and black people have similar "success rates" during stop and searches.
The number of disadvantaged and non-white students at Oxbridge is declining.
Suicides may increase during lockdown.
Test and Trace reduced the R rate by up to 0.6 in October.
In May, 748.6 people per 100,000 died in England.
The mayor of Calgary allegedly claimed that Covid-19 is a hoax.
Wetherspoons is offering a voucher for a meal for two with drinks to celebrate the end of Covid restrictions.
The starting salary for police officers in 2010 was £24k and dropped to £23k in 2018.
Under Boris Johnson's leadership as Mayor of London, the murder rate was consistently under 100 a year.
80% of kids are not being tested for COVID-19.
The police car that was involved in the Bristol protest was found to have an expired MOT.
Only 1% of the population holds half of the country's wealth.
In 2018, the UK paid £11 billion to the EU but only received £6 billion back.
Imperial College London has proposed a never-ending lockdown for the UK.
The EU's percentage of the world economy has shrunk.
The police will now require written proof of a medical exemption if individuals do not wear masks.
There was no increase in suicide rates during lockdown, despite the stress and isolation.
The majority of German cars are purchased in Britain.
Vaccinating children against Covid-19 may possibly do more harm than good.
Covid-19 vaccines may worsen the disease in some people due to antibodies developed from the jab.